.TH hvn-pkgen 1 2020-07-28 HeylelOS
.SH NAME
.PP
Create a package by executing a list of executables in a constrained environment.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
hvn-pkgen [-l log] -a app -d data -t toolchain recipes...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Run a list of command in an isolated root hierarchy and system subject to a specific toolchain.The goal is to create a set of executables (or scripts) and an environement called and app.You can then specify a sequence of recipes to execute one after another.In the end, you create a stable ecosystem for compilation, packaging, tests you can easily reusejust by modifying one recipe at a time or changing the toolchain.It can be compared to a container without security concerns, only exploiting isolation capacities.When a recipe is executed, it's environment is composed of the following hierarchy.
.PP
/dev : Usual device filesystem.
.PP
/sys : Usual sysfs.
.PP
/proc : Usual procfs.
.PP
/app : Read only binding to the specified app directory.
.PP
/app/environ : File containing a line-separated list of environment variables.
.PP
/app/<recipe> : An executable recipe of the app.
.PP
/data : Exported data, working directory of each ran recipes.
.PP
/usr : Read only binding to the specified toolchain directory.
.PP
/bin : Symbolic link to "usr/bin".
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
-l log : Specify a surrogate stdout/stderr for the entire process.
.PP
-a app : Directory containing the environ environment file, and all recipes.
.PP
-d data : Directory which can be used to transfer data in and out executions, current working directory of all recipes.
.PP
-t toolchain : Directory containing all utilities used to execute a script, fetch a repo, compile, link, etc...
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
Valentin Debon (valentin.debon@heylelos.org)
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
hvn(1), hvn-cfgen(1), hvn-init(1), hvn-mando(1), hvn-mkgen(1), namespaces(7), user_namespaces(7).
